feat: add `--no-keep` option to sync command (#1191)
pdm-project/pdm: docs/docs/usage/dependency.md

> There are two similar commands to do this job with a slight difference:
> 
> - [`pdm install`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--install) will check the lock file and relock if it mismatches with project file, then install.
> - [`pdm update`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--update) installs dependencies in the lock file and will error out if it doesn't exist.
> - [`pdm sync`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--sync) can remove unneeded packages not included in the lockfile if `--clean` option is given. When `--pure` is given, only selected packages will be kept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few similar commands to do this job with a slight difference:

- [`pdm sync`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--sync) installs the packages in the lock file.
- [`pdm update`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--update) will update the lock file, then `sync`.
- [`pdm install`](cli_reference.md#exec-0--install) will check the project file for changes, update the lock file if needed, then `sync`.

Note: `sync` has a few options to manage installed packages:
   * `--clean`: remove packages no longer in the lockfile
   * `--only-keep`: only selected packages (using options like `-G` or `--prod`) will be kept.
```

Author: Thanks, updated
